all right now hurry about you bout to
get up in the sign in the yummy figga
deal me God muley right here god I about
that boy oh boy all right now we bout to
get up in the motherfucking me are y'all
ready already you go all right then come
on we go this where we going right in
here I'm see you parking this woman
doing barbican zooming right now but we
bout to get up in this song say all
right y'all ready got to get up in the
sauna then they put it on yours off I
must move the winner all right damn it's
hot fuck it here we go break this shit
on to 200 oh come on how much you build
shit crazy though don't try this at home
down holly shit 200 and fucking white
degree why didn't want degrees go see
that right here oh oh shit this is your
hottest shit the camera getting blurry
cause it's so hot up in here and it was
fall out of this job I think it's going
to make it out everything that shit
either day oh man what right damn I
should boy 1 oh yeah that's it
voigtlander we bout to be to fuck how do
I put this hello no way oh wait no we
got art no one blood nigga left one
blood nigga left we going we got some
more blood nigga here so your flag up
man that's what's up God doesn't go
wrong is real why we're here shit you
can regain 05 w come on I'm is beat you
if you blood throw it up so so if you
blood throw it up throw it up again love
for like man representing if you set me
get all right man we can't take this
shit no more man we bout to be out man